overhaul dev guide indices, titles, tags (#3088)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/go/observability.mdx

  - workflow-execution
  - workflow-executions
  - workflows
  - sdk
  - go-sdk
  - developer guide

> description: Monitor your Temporal Application state using Metrics, Tracing, Logging, and Visibility features. Learn about emitting metrics, configuring tracing, context propagation, customized logging, and utilizing search attributes with the Temporal Go SDK for enhanced Workflow Execution insights.

Reviewer: Not user facing, but Search Attributes is uppercase

Author: ```suggestion
description: Monitor your Temporal Application state using Metrics, Tracing, Logging, and Visibility features. Emit metrics, configure tracing, use context propagation, customize logging, and use Search Attributes with the Temporal Go SDK for enhanced Workflow Execution insights.
```
